It is indeed the medicine sent by the Empress
This palace is eager for a while
Wrong sister
Little sister
This box of snacks should be regarded as compensation for my sister.
Then thank you, sister.
Sister, there is something else
I won't leave my sister
Empress Zhu Fei
Your placebo medicine works very well
I will definitely give birth to a big fat boy for the emperor
Ouch, Empress, please slow down.
Wait a minute.
What's the matter miss
Don't throw this medicine away yet
Go find some pills that look similar
Go to the backyard
Jade Dragon
Go and pour out the snacks in this stone river
A little heart should not be caught by Concubine Shu
What Barbie?
Miss, what a pity this snack has arrived.
Why don't you give it to me?
This is a snack from Concubine Shu
Who knows if there is any poison?
Green dill what are you doing
Spit it out
Miss, are you alright?
This is black sesame filling.